THE DESIGN OF CHO TOOLS

1. DIRECTORY STRUCTURE

The design of this set of tools is quite simple.
You specify a directory as the environment variable CHOHOME.
This directory will be the parent directory of all chotools
directories that you will create.

  $CHOHOME -+- chotool directory 1
	    |
	    +- chotool directory 2
	    |
	    :
	    |
	    +- chotool directory n

(I use my home directory as CHOHOME directory for example)

2. MANAGING DATA

The data to maintain chotool directories are the followings:

 * $CHOHOME/.chodirs

   This file contains the list of names of chotool directories
   in the order that the most recently used directory comes first.

 * each chotool directory/.chocreated

   This file contains one line of creation date of
   the chotool directory in YYYY/MM/DD form.
   chomkdir command makes this file.

 * each chotool directory/.choused

   This file contains one line of "used" date of
   the chotool directory in YYYY/MM/DD form.
   You explicitly tell that you "use" this directory
   by chotouch command.

 * each chotool directory/.chowhat

   This file contains one line of what this directory contains.
   This information is for you, not for Cho Tools.
   Initially (at the time this directory is made by chomkdir)
   this file contain the directory name.  You can put any line
   to describe the contents of the directory.  Note that
   only first line of the file is treated as title of
   the directory.

 * each chotool directory/.chowhat.alt

   The role of this file is similar to the one of .chowhat.
   The difference is that .chowhat.alt is consulted only when
   you specify -a (alternative) option for chols command,
   while .chowhat is used without the option.  In other words,
   contents of .chowhat is normally used.

   (This file is somewhat obsolete.  It was useful when I used
   two kinds of terminals: Japanese terminals and ASCII terminals.
   I put Japanese title in .chowhat, and English title in .chowhat.alt.)

 * each chotool directory/.chokeys

   This file contains keywords for the chotool directory.
   Initial contents are one line of the directory name.
   You can put any keywords into this file.
   This file is consulted by chogrep and chogrepf commands.

Other data, such as ctime/mtime/atime of UNIX file system, are NOT used
to maintain chotool directories.  You can use chotool directories in the
same way as you use normal UNIX directories.

3. ROBUSTNESS

The key files that maintain chotool directories are .choused and .chocreated.
.choused is more important because by default times when you use chotool
directories decide listing order.  The files .chowhat, .chowhat.alt and
.chokeys are important only in their existence.

If you happen to destroy .chodirs file, you can reconstruct .chodirs file
from all of .choused file, because .chodirs just keeps chotool directory
names in the order that most recently used directory comes first.  Although
order of two directories that were used in one day might different from
original order, almost correct list will be recovered in .chodirs file.

4. REMOVAL OF CHOTOOL DIRECTORY

On removal of a chotool directory with chormdir command,
chormdir command regards any files named .cho* belong to Cho Tools
and removes them.  You should NOT name your file or directory 
as .cho*.
